First Time,
you know,
I was just standing and out and I had no idea what was going on.
And,
and then,
uh,
I really didn't come back to a cause I did a show in Newport beach.
It's a laugh stop out there and just got this horrifically horrible reviewed
that I tell this story.
Last time I was,
it was so bad how bad
it was a picture of me.
I'd only been saved with stand up for my three and a half years.
And then,
and so then the guy that booked that room watching me do it like an eight minute
set in Austin and I had a killer eight minutes,
but he hires me to do 45 minutes and uh,
in,
so I go out there and,
and I'm nervous anyway,
right?
Because it's an,
that's a big club.
And,
uh,
and the two guys before me were a Seinfeld in Slayton,
so,
right.
So,
and then Ron White's three and a half year old booger eating moron thing and,
and uh,
so,
and,
and at this point I don't realize how bad I am because they haven't read it yet.
And,
uh,
so before I'm nervous and they got to go with that.
That's done.
And Strauss and,
uh,
and he writes a,
the comedy reviews for the Orange County addition to the La Times,
which is about 6 million people.
And,
uh,
I'm like,
oh,
I,
well,
I wish he'd have given me a day or two to settle in.
And so,
so
I do the set and it's not great and it's a,
but it's not bad,
you know,
I think I pulled it off,
they laughed at it.
They laughed at what I'd put together and whatever it was,
and I expected him to be there to congratulate me on the,
on how good the,
uh,
set was and shake my hand and do a little interview to build this great
interview.
So buddy wasn't there.
And I'm like,
oh,
okay.
Well then that next night there's like an a little open mic night before me.
So there's a,
in one of the guys I know Steve Apps from,
uh,
taxes on that.
And then that night I fucking kill and I'm really drunk and you know,
and I'm giving advice to other comedians you know about,
cause I made my ego's just flare and I'm like,
I'm probably gonna leave my wife and go find that girl and the to beer posters.
And uh,
they,
you know,
it's amazing and uh,
people are patting me on the bag on here,
man you are really,
really good at is amazing.
And I am so I'm staying at the Marriott suites hotel in the bay,
which is a nice hotel I've ever stayed in.
And a,
you had to pay for part of it yourself.
But that was all I had.
I was making,
I didn't met,
never made that much money before.
He was like 14 or $1,500 and,
and uh,
for week and,
so it's,
it's,
it's unbelievably beautiful with a gorgeous view.
Found bathroom to bathroom,
big marble Everytime big not stuff.
And uh,
I go back after that.
Well the,
now the review comes out the next morning and I've got this massive hangover.
I'm just so sick,
drunk,
waking up,
going out,
Jesus Christ.
And I says,
I blink my eyes and start going,
oh,
the review,
the glorious review,
the review of this gotta be touting my praises to the masses,
all over the,
this area of a southern California.
Probably the beginning to my hugeness and,
uh,
probably is what's going to happen.
So it turns out I had bought a bag of popcorn when I was drunk and I've followed
that bag,
that popcorn trail from my bed out the
door,
down the hall into the elevator.
The elevator I got on,
had popcorn on it.
So it was the same one I came up and I was just drunk,
staggering around with a popcorn bag.
And I followed that.
Now this place is just right down the block from the,
from the club.
And when I go to a,
when I'm playing at a club,
I'll,
I hang out at the club a lot,
you know,
cause that's,
I just,
those are the people I know.
Anyway,
those have been my friends forever,
so,
and they're still my friends,
you know,
I loved the,
so these are the people that work there.
So I walk in the door and,
uh,
one of the girls that worked there and looked at me and she goes,
don't read it.
And I'm like,
what?
He goes,
don't read it Ron.
It's not true.
It isn't true.
And,
uh,
it's a hatchet job.
I'm like,
what a hatchet job.
So I'm like,
no,
give it to me.
I can read it.
Got,
you know,
how bad could it be?
So
there's a big picture of me,
this big 6 million people this big.
It was,
the article was this big,
it was a quarter of a page and it said in big black print,
even when whites not blue,
he's not funny.
And I dropped the newspaper on the floor.
I couldn't hold up a,
a one ounce newspaper because the life is sucked out of me.
And I also agreed with them and felt like I had just been found out as a phony
and I was a phony and I didn't belong here at all.
And,
uh,
and I picked it up and read it and uh,
and it said,
watch and why it's 41 minute show.
So they were nice enough to point out,
I didn't,
I just had to,
I had to scrape and crawl to get to 41 much less.
The 45 I had agreed to,
they pointed that out with,
was like watching a polar bear lumber around on stage and something comical or
interesting happening only occasionally.
Now,
here's why I'm,
I can quote that
all these 29 years later,
I went across the street to the liquor store and bought a bottle of Tequila and
a pack of razor blades through story.
And I go back up to my Marriot suites on the bay and a set,
they're this big desk and I've just drinking this Tequila,
reading it over and over and over and over.
And I got a big bag of weed and I'm smoking pot and I've convinced myself that
they're going to cancel the show because who would come to a show,
right?
With the review like that.
And,
uh,
and then I'm thinking,
well,
they probably have to pay me for the shows I did even,
you know,
even though I wasn't able to finish the week,
right.
So I,
I just,
I just assume I'm fired.
A genuinely believed that in my heart that I'm fired.
And,
uh,
so w I wake up from the stupor and I got a Drupal stain on his fucking article
and I have a joint in biology.
I mean it's dismal shit,
right?
It's dark,
dark time.
And I walked down there,
fuck the show sold out.
Both of them are,
it's comedy and fucking 1990,
[inaudible] 89 or 90,
whatever it was.
And you know,
all the gloves were sold out.
Nobody gave a fuck about that fucking review.
And uh,
they,
they give a shit.
And I then I went on stage because I was still a recto.
I'm drunk,
I just woke up.
I'm not very good anyway.
I have no confidence whatsoever.
I totally agree that I suck and I'm not worth a goddamn thing.
And I go up there and have the worst set I've ever had a sold out house and it
was just sucked.
It just sucked.
It was horrible.
And,
uh,
and then the guy that booked me calls the club and they go,
he goes,
yeah,
cause he read the fucking article and he goes,
that's gotta be a Gut Punch.
I mean,
it was a long,
there was other shit in it too,
and none.
It was good.
And,
uh,
so then,
they,
they get me on the phone with him and then they get,
cause they asked them,
they said,
we just want to see if he's okay.
And they're like,
oh no,
he's not okay.
He's not okay at all.
I'm like,
I'm really now,
I'm now,
I'm calling my wife going,
I just want to talk to you cause I love you so much.
I'm not even thinking about the Ducati beer pong through anymore.
I'm just calling her.
I just love you.
I want to be together forever.
And she's like,
kind of standoffish.
And I'm like,
like she could tell I had a bad review.
Hmm.
So that,
uh,
that kind of scared me away from,
La for awhile.
And I realized then that they were right and I should have been slapped in the
face and I wasn't good enough to be on that stage.
I was not.
And that guy actually apologized to me one time cause I was showing him later in
lab and I'm like,
no dude,
you were totally right.
You are completely right.
I should've been slapped into fucking fast three years in,
you're just getting your legs.
No,
he didn't.
He had no business there.
And uh,
and so,
you know,
and it all worked out the,
the best way it possibly could have in that.
But that also included a couple slaps in the fucking face going,
you're,
you know,
you're not thinking
those are important.
I really do.
I think in the,
in the moment those feel bad,
but every big leap I've made as a comic does after I bombed every big leap for
real,
like the,
you know,
someone telling me they had a bad time,
my show,
I just felt like you were off.
I'm like,
fuck,
that feeling makes me so hungry to figure out how to do it right.
That's where,
where it comes from,
it makes you,
you know,
you,
you realize there's an urgency to this thing.
And then over the years,
part of the fear of bombing is what makes me work so hard on new shit.
Fraud are the fears.
What makes me do so many sets.
I'll do two podcasts at night and then I'll do four shows.
I'll go to the store,
I'll do the two at the show,
a store,
I'll do one or two at the Improv.
I might even go to the ice house or the,
ha ha,
I'll fuck around.
Yeah.
These are all the reasons I'm not as good as Joe Rogan right here.
I get scared.
Ron White.
Yeah.
You know,
I do too.
And I,
you know,
I,
well I can't,
I can't tell you at,
uh,
at 62 I do all those sets,
but I can do,
I do what?
Go out and do site and a lot of guys that are kind of in my,
you know,
in my age group really don't come out and do sets that much.
And I come out and do says,
Anna,
hang out.
You're ageless too.
Think of you.
You know,
you said that one time,
uh,
in the back room.
You're like,
I'm older than you guys.
And we were like,
we don't give a fuck.
That doesn't mean anything.
This,
this,
this thing is about comedy.
It doesn't matter if you're a lesbian,
if you're trans,
if you're from Philadelphia or the Philippines,
no one gives a fuck.
Are you funny?
If you're funny,
that's all we care about.
We don't care if you're 90 or 19.
I mean,
I'm,
I'm not fucking Kowski is,
what is she 22 or some shit?
She might be 22.
She's one of my best friends.
I love that girl.
She's Goddamn hilarious.
She's kid.
We talk all the time.
We talked about comedy.
We,
I have her,
she hosted my sets at the Improv all the time.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares about your age.
They care about comedy.